
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.504267                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                504266812000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               504266812000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1091095                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1780786                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2212656842                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 665084                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   227.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   248661758                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     405843090                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 504266812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           22720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         6877248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            6899968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        22720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         22720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      5683520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         5683520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              355                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data           107457                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              107812                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         88805                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              88805                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              45056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data           13638113                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              13683169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         45056                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            45056                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        11270859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             11270859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        11270859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             45056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data          13638113                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             24954028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      107812                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      88805                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    107812                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                    88805                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                6897472                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    2496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 5681920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                 6899968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              5683520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     39                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0              6901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1              7138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2              7433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3              7060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4              6660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5              6522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6              6303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7              6424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8              6400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9              6545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10             6555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11             6667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12             6700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13             6752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14             6739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15             6974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0              5674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1              5934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2              6229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3              5861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4              5457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5              5353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6              5113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7              5247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8              5228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9              5379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10             5407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11             5499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12             5504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13             5573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14             5544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15             5778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  504266762000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                107812                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                88805                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  107773                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   4876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   4882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   4940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   4940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   4940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   4940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   4940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   4940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   4940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                   4940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   4939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   4939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                   4939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                   4939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                   4939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                   4939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                   4939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                   4939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        36254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    346.974127                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   242.381341                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   303.182298                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127         5279     14.56%     14.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        10670     29.43%     43.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9375     25.86%     69.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2258      6.23%     76.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1769      4.88%     80.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1423      3.93%     84.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895          964      2.66%     87.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          695      1.92%     89.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3821     10.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        36254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         4939                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      21.819194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     18.443293                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    166.391546                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          4937     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          4939                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         4939                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.975299                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.973848                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.219994                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16               59      1.19%      1.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                5      0.10%      1.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             4874     98.68%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          4939                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1770364000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              3791107750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  538865000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     16426.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                35176.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        13.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        11.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     13.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     11.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.12                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    81860                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   78437                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 75.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2564715.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    81.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                131276040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 69771075                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy               388708740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              234210960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy         6485681280.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           3231094590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy            308567040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actPowerDownEnergy     25904158440                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.prePowerDownEnergy      6863372160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.selfRefreshEnergy     102026201220                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           145643600025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            288.822497                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalIdleTime         496377918750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    465238000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    2743520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::SREF 421695548250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  17874003250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    4680066750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  56808435750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                127591800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                 67812855                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy               380790480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              229220640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy         6110136240.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           3118494510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy            293644800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actPowerDownEnergy     24463837410                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.prePowerDownEnergy      6352235520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.selfRefreshEnergy     103139180520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           144283807935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            286.125925                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalIdleTime         496662043500                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    445666000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    2584660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::SREF 426470297000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  16542763000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    4574240250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  53649185750                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 504266812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 504266812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                   118034006                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    31915293                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2737                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           497                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 504266812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 504266812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                   333229914                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                     9                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    504266812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       1008533624                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   248661758                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     405843090                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses             403370626                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   1975                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     4727228                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     23353246                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                    403370626                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          1975                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           905631567                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes          350834408                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3787                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1492                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            149131753                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           139496773                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     149949293                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   118034001                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   31915292                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 1008533624                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          30316577                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                744058      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 250672933     61.77%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        4      0.00%     61.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   4475842      1.10%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      374      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       68      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      108      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     214      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    186      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     63.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                118033933     29.08%     92.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                31914857      7.86%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  68      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                435      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                  405843090                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 504266812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.625728                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           149949299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            352101                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            425.870131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            239000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.625728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          428                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         300250699                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        300250699                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 504266812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    117715172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       117715172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     31768939                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       31768939                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     149484111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        149484111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    149484111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       149484111                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       318834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        318834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       146354                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       146354                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       465188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         465188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       465188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        465188                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  16104979000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16104979000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   5405632500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5405632500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  21510611500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21510611500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  21510611500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21510611500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    118034006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    118034006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     31915293                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     31915293                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    149949299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    149949299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    149949299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    149949299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004586                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004586                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50512.112886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50512.112886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 36935.324624                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36935.324624                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46240.684411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46240.684411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 46240.684411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46240.684411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       321145                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            321145                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       318834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       318834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       146354                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       146354                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       465188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       465188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       465188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       465188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15786145000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15786145000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5259278500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5259278500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  21045423500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21045423500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  21045423500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21045423500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004586                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49512.112886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49512.112886                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 35935.324624                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35935.324624                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 45240.684411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45240.684411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 45240.684411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45240.684411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 351589                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 504266812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 504266812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 504266812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           281.482109                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           333229914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               355                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          938675.814085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            118000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   281.482109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.549770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.549770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          311                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.607422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         666460183                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        666460183                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 504266812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    333229559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       333229559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     333229559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        333229559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    333229559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       333229559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           355                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42535500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42535500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42535500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     42535500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42535500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     42535500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    333229914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    333229914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    333229914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    333229914                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    333229914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    333229914                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 119818.309859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119818.309859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 119818.309859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119818.309859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 119818.309859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119818.309859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           44                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                44                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42180500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42180500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42180500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42180500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     42180500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42180500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000001                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 118818.309859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118818.309859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 118818.309859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118818.309859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 118818.309859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118818.309859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     44                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 504266812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 504266812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 504266812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  2042.817058                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      817176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    248828                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.284100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                    107500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.996097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          2.029137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       2039.791825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.995992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.997469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1922                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   6786236                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  6786236                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 504266812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       321145                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           321145                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           44                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               44                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data            113087                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total               113087                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data               1453                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1453                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         102232                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            102232                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                103685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   103685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data               103685                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  103685                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            31814                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               31814                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           355                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              355                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       216602                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          216602                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data              248416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 248771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                355                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data             248416                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                248771                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3837077500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3837077500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     41645000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     41645000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  14234458000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  14234458000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      41645000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   18071535500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      18113180500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     41645000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  18071535500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     18113180500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       321145                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       321145                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           44                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           44                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data        113087                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           113087                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          33267                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             33267                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            355                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       318834                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        318834                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data            352101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               352456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data           352101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              352456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.956323                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.956323                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.679357                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.679357                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.705525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.705821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.705525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.705821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 120609.715848                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120609.715848                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 117309.859155                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117309.859155                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 65717.112492                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65717.112492                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 117309.859155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72747.067419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72810.659201                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 117309.859155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72747.067419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72810.659201                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               239128                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    239128                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        31814                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          31814                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          355                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       216602                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       216602                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         248416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            248771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        248416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           248771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   3518937500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3518937500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     38095000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38095000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12068438000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12068438000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     38095000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15587375500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15625470500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     38095000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15587375500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15625470500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.956323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.956323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.679357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.679357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.705525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.705821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.705525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.705821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 110609.715848                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110609.715848                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 107309.859155                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107309.859155                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 55717.112492                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55717.112492                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 107309.859155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62747.067419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62810.659201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 107309.859155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62747.067419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62810.659201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                         246780                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 504266812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 15870.563655                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                      495221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                    107825                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                      4.592822                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                     91000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        1.082776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         16.047027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      15853.433851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.967617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.968662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                   1098267                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                  1098267                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 504266812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       239128                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total           239128                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data                380                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                   380                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data         140579                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            140579                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu.data                140959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                   140959                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu.data               140959                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                  140959                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            31434                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total               31434                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        76023                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           76378                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 355                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data              107457                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                 107812                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                355                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data             107457                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                107812                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   3162713500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    3162713500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     34190000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   7366262500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   7400452500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      34190000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   10528976000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      10563166000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     34190000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  10528976000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     10563166000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       239128                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       239128                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          31814                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total             31814                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       216602                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        216957                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data            248416                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total               248771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data           248416                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total              248771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.988056                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.988056                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.350980                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.352042                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.432569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.433378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.432569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.433378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 100614.414328                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100614.414328                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 96309.859155                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 96895.183037                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96892.462489                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 96309.859155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 97983.156053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97977.646273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 96309.859155                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 97983.156053                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97977.646273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.writebacks::writebacks                88805                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.writebacks::total                     88805                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        31434                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          31434                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          355                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        76023                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        76378                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         107457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            107812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        107457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           107812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2659769500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2659769500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     28510000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6149894500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6178404500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     28510000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8809664000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8838174000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     28510000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   8809664000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8838174000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.988056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.988056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.350980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.432569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.433378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.432569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.433378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 84614.414328                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84614.414328                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80309.859155                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80895.183037                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80892.462489                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80309.859155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81983.156053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81977.646273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80309.859155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 81983.156053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81977.646273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.replacements                          91441                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        198958                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        91146                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 504266812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              76378                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        88805                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             2341                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             31434                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            31434                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         76378                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       306770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total       306770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 306770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     12583488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total     12583488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                12583488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            107812                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  107812    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              107812                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           554182000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          573254250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       817176                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       464720                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            624                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          624                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 504266812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            319189                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       649078                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           44                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           40732                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq          113087                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         113087                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            33267                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           33267                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           355                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       318834                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          754                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1281965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1282719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        25536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     43087744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               43113280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          338221                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  20987712                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           803764                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000776                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.027852                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 803140     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    624      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             803764                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          729777000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            532500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy         584695000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 504266812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            216957                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       327933                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            9958                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            31814                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           31814                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       216957                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       743992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     31225536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                           91441                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                   5683520                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples           586662                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.155867                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.362729                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                 495221     84.41%     84.41% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                  91441     15.59%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total             586662                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          486738500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy         373156500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
